hi everyone its crews and I just wanted
to show you a great find that I found on
ebay I've been looking on there recently
for a lot of brushes I've been buying
some brushes i bought a sigma one off
ebay i also got some makeup geek ones
from their website i went back on ebay
to see what else i could find they had a
lot of eco tools um brushes on it and in
Australia ecotools is expensive I mean
for one brush I think they're thirteen
fourteen dollars and I don't really want
to spend that much on one brush so what
I found on ebay was this Ecotools
earth-friendly beauty this is the bamboo
five piece brush it and it says it's
great for mineral makeup so this is more
like a travel size one comes in this
plastic bag and it's resealable as well
which is really cool so you take it out
it comes with its own little bag which
says eco tools on it not too fussed
about the bag but then you get for
Russia's with it so it says 5p so the
bag is one piece so the brushes that you
get our this little kabuki one these are
really really soft super supersoft
supersoft supersoft and there's a little
powder brush and they all have that
ecotools written on it and then you get
a flat brush and then like a crease
brush then these are many one so great
for travel okay so four pieces plus the
bag I'm not really keen on the bag I
mean that's I don't even if they can fit
yeah but this that powder brush is going
to get squash and it like that and it
came to cycling a normal packaging it
took about because I just over a week it
came from hong kong i looked in price on
these are $25 i go to an ebay for six
dollars with free postage the quality is
great I mean Scott mean that two-tone
this super super soft I haven't tried
them yet but I will I might do a review
on them actually for six dollars you
can't go wrong I mean just over nearly
our peace free postage please I'll put
the cellar down below i'm not sure if
they're still something but i'll check
it out and put it down below any
questions or comments you've got about
if you're buying brushes on ebay i'd
love to hear about that please like
thumbs up and subscribe to